So what you see on television, a lot of times our ships and you prod or
wide screen, you know, views of ships traveling through the ocean
with very ominous music being played in the background. And then you
that cuts to a scene and say combat in the combat room that they have
on board and people making decisions at What are we going to dio
about these terrorists in this place where we're gonna fire? Are we
ready to fire missiles? And it's usually not that way. Usually you're
not doing much of anything. You're out to sea just in case something
happens. And that could be very trying. Uh, because you trim do all
this training to do this one specific thing. And that's all you do.
A lot of times you can spend a whole tour and perhaps a whole career
without doing the Maur glorified romanticized things missions that
you think you're gonna be doing that could be somewhat difficult.
A good example of this is when your station in Japan, the primary point
of the aircraft carrier out there, is it simply being there. It's
not that you're not gonna go attack anybody. You're not gonna You're
not gonna try and find terrorists to kill, but really, is the point
of the point of the carrier out there is that it's there to keep
in check anybody, any, any other entities out there. That might be
ad for cereal. So and you said you spent a lot of time sitting a lot
of time training, a lot of time waiting for things to happen. But when
things do happen, it's very quick, and then it's over. So that's
one of the things against romanticize about being in the military that
you don't always. You don't always understand before you get in.